At this point, you're hopefully setup with an Infura account.
To connect Infura to Web3,
you'll just need to set up the connection to the endpoint provided on your dashboard.
That endpoint is provided here.
You can choose different networks if you'd like from the drop-down,
but we'll be connecting to the main network.
Next, you'll need to go back to your terminal.
If you left your project folder,
you'll need to set up a new project as shown earlier using npm init,
saving Web3 as the dependency,
and entering your node console.
I've done that already and I also have Web3 required into my project.
For the next step, create a variable named URL and set it equal to the Infura endpoint.
Now, we'll create a new variable named web3 with
a lowercase w and set it equal to a new Web3 that points to this URL.
This is all it takes to make the connection between Web3 and Infura.
Call the variable to see if the connection you made is working.
If it is, you should get data back that looks like this. So, that's easy.
You're all set up. Now, you can make calls to
a remote node using the Infura API that's connected to your Web3.